s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_md5_invalid_short ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_md5_bad ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_md5_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_md5_unreadable ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_md5_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_expect_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_expect_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_contentlength_negative ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_contentlength_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_contentlength_unreadable ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_contenttype_invalid ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_contenttype_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_contenttype_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_authorization_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_authorization_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_contentlength_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_acl_create_contentlength_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_put_bad_canned_acl ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_expect_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_contentlength_negative ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_contentlength_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_contentlength_unreadable ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_md5_invalid_garbage_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_contentlength_mismatch_below_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_authorization_incorrect_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_ua_empty_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_ua_unreadable_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_ua_none_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_invalid_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_empty_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_unreadable_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_none_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_before_today_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_after_today_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_before_epoch_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_after_end_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_ua_empty_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_ua_unreadable_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_ua_none_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_invalid_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_empty_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_unreadable_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_none_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_before_today_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_after_today_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_before_epoch_aws2 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_md5_invalid_garbage_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_contentlength_mismatch_below_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_authorization_incorrect_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_ua_empty_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_ua_unreadable_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_ua_none_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_invalid_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_amz_date_invalid_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_empty_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_amz_date_empty_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_unreadable_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_amz_date_unreadable_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_none_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_amz_date_none_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_before_today_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_amz_date_before_today_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_after_today_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_amz_date_after_today_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_before_epoch_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_amz_date_before_epoch_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_date_after_end_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_bad_amz_date_after_end_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_missing_signed_custom_header_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_object_create_missing_signed_header_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_ua_empty_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_ua_unreadable_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_ua_none_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_invalid_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_invalid_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_empty_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_empty_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_unreadable_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_unreadable_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_none_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_none_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_before_today_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_before_today_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_after_today_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_after_today_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_date_before_epoch_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_headers.test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_before_epoch_aws4 ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_distinct ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_many ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_delimiter_basic ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_delimiter_prefix ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_delimiter_prefix_ends_with_delimiter ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_delimiter_alt ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_delimiter_percentage ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_delimiter_whitespace ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_delimiter_dot ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_delimiter_unreadable ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_delimiter_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_delimiter_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_delimiter_not_exist ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_prefix_basic ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_prefix_alt ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_prefix_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_prefix_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_prefix_not_exist ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_prefix_unreadable ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_prefix_delimiter_basic ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_prefix_delimiter_alt ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_prefix_delimiter_prefix_not_exist ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_prefix_delimiter_delimiter_not_exist ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_prefix_delimiter_prefix_delimiter_not_exist ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_maxkeys_one ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_maxkeys_zero ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_maxkeys_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_maxkeys_invalid ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_marker_none ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_marker_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_marker_unreadable ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_marker_not_in_list ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_marker_after_list ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_marker_before_list ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_return_data ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_object_time ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_objects_anonymous ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_objects_anonymous_fail ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_notexist ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_delete_notexist ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_delete_nonempty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_concurrent_set_canned_acl ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_write_to_nonexist_bucket ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_delete ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_read_notexist ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_requestid_on_error ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_requestid_matchs_header_on_error ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_create_unreadable ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multi_object_delete ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_head_zero_bytes ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_write_check_etag ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_write_cache_control ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_write_expires ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_write_read_update_read_delete ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_metadata_none_to_good ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_metadata_none_to_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_metadata_overwrite_to_good ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_metadata_overwrite_to_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_unicode_metadata ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_non_utf8_metadata ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_metadata_empty_to_unreadable_prefix ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_metadata_empty_to_unreadable_suffix ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_metadata_empty_to_unreadable_infix ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_metadata_overwrite_to_unreadable_prefix ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_metadata_overwrite_to_unreadable_suffix ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_get_metadata_overwrite_to_unreadable_infix ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_metadata_replaced_on_put ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_write_file ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_anonymous_request ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_authenticated_request ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_authenticated_request_bad_access_key ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_set_success_code ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_set_invalid_success_code ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_upload_larger_than_chunk ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_set_key_from_filename ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_ignored_header ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_case_insensitive_condition_fields ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_escaped_field_values ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_success_redirect_action ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_invalid_signature ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_invalid_access_key ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_invalid_date_format ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_no_key_specified ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_missing_signature ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_missing_policy_condition ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_user_specified_header ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_request_missing_policy_specified_field ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_condition_is_case_sensitive ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_expires_is_case_sensitive ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_expired_policy ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_invalid_request_field_value ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_missing_expires_condition ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_missing_conditions_list ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_upload_size_limit_exceeded ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_missing_content_length_argument ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_invalid_content_length_argument ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_upload_size_below_minimum ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_post_object_empty_conditions ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_get_object_ifmatch_good ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_get_object_ifmatch_failed ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_get_object_ifnonematch_good ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_get_object_ifnonematch_failed ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_get_object_ifmodifiedsince_good ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_get_object_ifmodifiedsince_failed ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_get_object_ifunmodifiedsince_good ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_get_object_ifunmodifiedsince_failed ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_put_object_ifmatch_good ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_put_object_ifmatch_failed ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_put_object_ifmatch_overwrite_existed_good ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_put_object_ifmatch_nonexisted_failed ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_put_object_ifnonmatch_good ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_put_object_ifnonmatch_failed ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_put_object_ifnonmatch_nonexisted_good ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_put_object_ifnonmatch_overwrite_existed_failed ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_get ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_get_bucket_gone ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_delete_key_bucket_gone ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_get_object_gone ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_head ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_head_extended ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_get_bucket_acl ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_get_object_acl ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_authenticated ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_authenticated_bucket_acl ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_authenticated_object_acl ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_authenticated_bucket_gone ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_authenticated_object_gone ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_not_expired ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_out_range_zero ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_out_max_range ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_out_positive_range ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_put ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_put_write_access ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_put_authenticated ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_raw_put_authenticated_expired ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_bad_starts_nonalpha ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_bad_short_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_bad_short_one ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_bad_short_two ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_bad_long ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_good_long_250 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_good_long_251 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_good_long_252 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_good_long_253 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_good_long_254 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_good_long_255 ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_long_name ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_bad_ip ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_bad_punctuation ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_dns_underscore ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_dns_long ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_dns_dash_at_end ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_dns_dot_dot ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_dns_dot_dash ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_dns_dash_dot ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_exists ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_configure_recreate ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_get_location ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_exists_nonowner ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_delete_nonowner ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_default ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_canned_during_create ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_canned ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_canned_publicreadwrite ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_canned_authenticatedread ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_default ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_canned_during_create ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_canned ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_canned_publicreadwrite ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_canned_authenticatedread ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_canned_bucketownerread ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_canned_bucketownerfullcontrol ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_full_control_verify_owner ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_full_control_verify_attributes ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_canned_private_to_private ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_xml_fullcontrol ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_xml_write ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_xml_writeacp ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_xml_read ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_xml_readacp ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_xml ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_xml_write ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_xml_writeacp ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_xml_read ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_acl_xml_readacp ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_fullcontrol ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_read ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_readacp ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_write ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_writeacp ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_grant_nonexist_user ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_no_grants ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_header_acl_grants ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_header_acl_grants ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_grant_email ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_grant_email_notexist ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acl_revoke_all ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_access_bucket_private_object_private ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_access_bucket_private_object_publicread ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_access_bucket_private_object_publicreadwrite ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_access_bucket_publicread_object_private ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_access_bucket_publicread_object_publicread ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_access_bucket_publicread_object_publicreadwrite ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_private ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_publicread ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_publicreadwrite ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_set_valid_acl ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_giveaway ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_buckets_create_then_list ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_list_buckets_anonymous ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_list_buckets_invalid_auth ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_list_buckets_bad_auth ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_good_starts_alpha ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_good_starts_digit ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_good_contains_period ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_naming_good_contains_hyphen ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_recreate_not_overriding ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_create_special_key_names ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_list_special_prefix ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_zero_size ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_same_bucket ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_verify_contenttype ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_to_itself ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_to_itself_with_metadata ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_diff_bucket ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_not_owned_bucket ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_not_owned_object_bucket ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_canned_acl ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_retaining_metadata ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_replacing_metadata ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_bucket_not_found ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_key_not_found ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_versioned_bucket ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_object_copy_versioning_multipart_upload ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_upload_empty ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_upload_small ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_copy_small ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_upload ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_copy_special_names ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_copy_versioned ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_upload_resend_part ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_upload_multiple_sizes ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_upload_size_too_small ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_upload_contents ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_upload_overwrite_existing_object ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_abort_multipart_upload ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_abort_multipart_upload_not_found ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_list_multipart_upload ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_upload_missing_part ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_upload_incorrect_etag ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_100_continue ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_bucket_acls_changes_persistent ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_stress_bucket_acls_changes ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_set_cors ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_cors_origin_response ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_cors_origin_wildcard ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_read_1mb ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_read_4mb ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_read_8mb ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_write_1mb ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_write_4mb ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_write_8mb ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_dual_write_1mb ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_dual_write_4mb ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_dual_write_8mb ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_conditional_write_1mb ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_dual_conditional_write_1mb ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_write_bucket_gone ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_atomic_multipart_upload_write ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_multipart_resend_first_finishes_last ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_ranged_request_response_code ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_ranged_request_skip_leading_bytes_response_code ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_ranged_request_return_trailing_bytes_response_code ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_ranged_request_invalid_range ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_ranged_request_empty_object ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.check_can_test_multiregion ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_region_bucket_create_secondary_access_remove_master ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_region_bucket_create_master_access_remove_secondary ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_region_copy_object ... SKIP
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_versioning_bucket_create_suspend ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_versioning_obj_create_read_remove ... ok
s3tests.functional.test_s3.test_versioning_obj_create_read_remove_head ...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         